what is a major news day in the history
of the United States the whistles are
blowing in Washington as Speaker of the
House Nancy Pelosi today announced that
the House of Representatives will launch
a formal impeachment inquiry into the
actions of the President of the United
States it's not gonna get rid of him no
it's just a she's been very reluctant to
do this but once again Donald Trump is
doing what he does best forcing a woman
to do something she didn't want to do at
least 73 members of the House now back
some type of impeachment I didn't know
there were types of impeachment I'd like
is their diet impeachment and
impeachment code read maybe but Trump
would be the third president to face
impeachment proceedings and he's already
promising that if he does it will be the
biggest and most beautiful impeachment
in history the reason this is happening
now is because if you don't know
whistleblower a US intelligence agent
filed a complaint against the president
stemming from a phone call made in July
in which Trump reportedly asked the
president of Ukraine to dig up dirt on
Joe Biden's son who had business
dealings in Ukraine and on top of that
we learned that only days before the
call Trump ordered his chief of staff to
place a hold on military aid to Ukraine
and they needed the aid to protect
themselves from his buddy
in Russia and still despite all this the
president said he did nothing wrong
he said the call was perfect it was a
perfect call even the Ukraine he turns
into me crane he's he's not claiming he
was withholding the money to stop
corruptions
even he had the clear has thrown a
little before but I guess he feels like
nothing could stop him now he got away
with Russia in the election it makes
perfect sense you would ask Ukraine to
help them with the next one he's like
you remember the Raptor when the Raptors
in Jurassic Park tested the fence for
weaknesses
if he gets away with this next but I
mean he could ask North Korea to bomb
Bette Midler next that could be the
president has promised to release the
fully Declassified an unredacted
transcript of his call with the
Ukrainian president tomorrow but we got
a look at it tonight
ABC News obtained a copy of the
transcript and I believe we have it now
let's read it together Trump said okay
let me be very clear I am going to give
you military a military parade if you
look into Dennis's bus in the rain thank
you you are handsome well who is ten
it's good old could that be Dennis
Rodman maybe I don't know the Senate
voted unanimously today to turn the
whistleblower complaint over to the
Senate and the house intelligence
committees that means every Democrat and
Republican in the Senate believes the
complaint should be released and the
whistleblower has reportedly volunteered
to speak to the Intelligence Committee
in the house and could testify as soon
as this week which has got infuriate
Trump because you know the only whistle
he wants blown is the one he uses to
summon Mike Pence when he needs him all
this drama all of this is because he's
dumb because he gets on the phone and he
can't resist saying stupid stuff you
know in 2014 Donald Trump tweeted are
you allowed to impeach a president for
gross incompetence well I guess we're
about to find out
[Applause]
the president was in New York at Trump
Tower he spoke before the UN General
Assembly today and take a look at this
because all this talk of impeachment it
may be going to his head looking around
and all over this large magnificent
planet
the truth is plain to see if you want
freedom take pride in your country
that's a nectarine that's not a peach
that's I'm so sorry folks I I need to
talk to some people
I will Trump had some supporters in the
crowd at the UN while he's giving a
speech family members we rarely see
showed up to listen socialism and
communism are not about justice they are
not about equality and they are
certainly not about the nation the
mandrill sisters came to I know I if
you're under 50 you have no idea what
I'm talking about but Google it and just
go crazy laughing Trump delivered this
speech with all the passion of a
teenager telling his parents how his day
at school was today he was low-energy
he was slurring his words it was like
somebody swapped his Averell for ambien
this morning and the crowd seemed sleepy
too in response to Iran's recent attack
on Saudi Arabian oil facilities we just
imposed the highest level of sanctions
on Iran central bank and sovereign
wealth fund all nations have a duty to
act
no responsible government should
subsidize Iran's bloodlust as long as
the rise
menacing behavior continues sanctions
will not be lifted and meanwhile with
all this going on where is the
president's former press secretary Sean
Spicer
[Music]
[Applause]
just walking slowly while someone dances
around him or today in case you didn't
know his National Voter Registration day
so you know some people say they don't
they don't like to vote because it's
boring and it takes a long time they're
usually the same people who wait three
hours to get a Popeye's chicken sandwich
but it isn't boring it's easy and in
most civilized states you can do it
online in 2016 only 55 percent of
Americans who are eligible to vote vote
and look what happens so I have an idea
that could get the number up I think we
need to stop calling it voting because
when you say voting people imagine like
waiting in line for hours in an
elementary school nobody wants to do
that so why not rename it after somebody
something that everybody loves to do and
no not I'm not talking about
masturbating I'm talking from now on
we're gonna call it complaining because
that's basically what voting is did you
register to complain oh sorry I was late
for it the line for complaining was
around the block and then everyone could
go and get one of these democracy fixed
you're welcome there by the way there is
an unusual race going on here in
Southern California right now in
Riverside County which is not far from
us here in Los Angeles
there are two candidates with the same
name for real one is a four-time
congressman Democrat named Raul Ruiz and
he is facing off against a Republican
named Raul Ruiz so will people look at
the ballot
they'll potentially be - Raul Ruiz's
which is confusing already and this new
campaign ad isn't helping matters ro
Ruiz is a proven leader
Rowe Ruiz is an ineffective yes-man who
wants to raise your taxes bro
Ruiz promises to lower taxes and support
small business when it comes to issues
that matter most the choice is clear
wait which one was the good one
was it the Steve Harvey looking dude or
the guy who looks like he's 12 one of
these men is a family man devoted to
public service the other is a greedy Pig
which one is which your guess is as good
as mine but one thing is certain
someone needs to change his damned name
next November vote for one of these
Ruiz's not only one Raul shall rule them
all and congratulations on making it to
the end of the YouTube video why not
celebrate by clicking the subscribe
button you earned it